# Sentiment analysis for hotel-reviews
The social media plays an important role in today’s world and provides an efficient way for business to interact and communicate with their customers. For example, google application plays a crucial role in identify which are leading service providers in any business based on their reviews. Each application in social media has a unique way of providing accurate information about your business to potential customers. Star ratings are one of the review practises, that everyone easily understands.
Hotel reviews plays crucial role in providing feedback about your business from customers. Customer reviews submitted at Internet portals are huge and unstructured, giving analytical challenges for existing analysis tools that were designed for well-structured, quantitative data. 
The purpose of this case study offers supervisory suggestions to hotel managers by turning words and reviews into quantitative measurements using natural language pre-processing, text mining and sentiment analysis techniques.
The aim of this thesis is to analyse various reviews from the hotel customers and objectively compare and evaluate various machine learning models for sentiment classification and prediction at individual hotel. All models are evaluated using top tow  high demand hotels based on the number of reviews. To attain this, three machine learning methods which have efficiently analyse and classify the hotel sentiments are assessed through a set of experiments. The ML models are based on Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes Classifier, and Support vector machines classifier. 
